[Music]
this is a safe place
i'm agoraphobic i can't
go inside i've been sleeping getting
into a really
dark frame of mind
so what's the latest on the street your
neighbor
she's become a friend her name is jane
russell
do you want to go outside you know i
have a shrimp
[Music]
foreign
protect the little nypd where's jane mr
wrestle believes that you made a mistake
you have never met my wife
ma'am you all right i know jane jane's
been in my house
i'm jane russell i'm not crazy
i know what i saw they're all hiding
something
you will not never have my mother
stop watching our house your doctor said
that your
meds can cause hallucinations
i'm not hallucinating
[Music]
i think there is somebody in my house
don't go looking into other people's
houses
you won't like what you see
[Music]
you